
# MidMarket Currency Converter

This is a midmarket currency converter that uses data from xe.com. The three endpoints described in the problem sheet have been implemented, namely /convert, /currencies, and /history

## Running

To start the server, first install the dependencies present in the requirements.txt file. Do this by executing `pip install -r requirements.txt`

Then, you can execute using `uvicorn main:app --reload `

The FASTAPI autogenerated documentation can be accessed at /docs. 

## Authentication

In order to access the endpoints, you need to add an Authorization header to your requests as below:
`Authorization: 862a71af-635a-4fde-85f5-23c846f9f5e2`

Additionally, if you are using the API Documentation to test the endpoint, you can authorize using the same API Key: `862a71af-635a-4fde-85f5-23c846f9f5e2`

## Implementation Notes
I have used the xe.com internal API for the conversion. This returns a JSON object with conversion rates between USD and other currencies. A bit of simple math allows us to obtain the midmarket rates in terms of other currencies as well. For this exercise, I assume that the data format will be constant, so I have not included detailed exception handling. In real life, I would have written tests and better exception handling to notify us in case xe.com changes its internal APIs. 

I have used a simple SQLite database to store all transactions. The data is reformatted for the /history and /convert endpoints since I built a very simple, flat model for the data. 

I had not used FastAPI prior to this exercise, however, I have used Django and a bit of Flask in the past. So please do forgive any errors or omissions if I haven't followed best practices. 
